EDU-3001-domains-crud-cli (#406)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/cli/azion-cli-alpha/domains/domains.mdx

---
title: Domains

> description: Create, list, describe, update and delete your domains on the Azion platform through Azion CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Create, list, describe, update, and delete your domains on the Azion platform through Azion CLI.
```

meta_tags: cli, domains, devops
namespace: documentation_cli_domains
menu_namespace: cliMenuAlpha
permalink: /documentation/products/cli/domains-crud/
---

## Create

### Description

Creates a domain.

### Usage

```bash
$ azion create domain --application-id 1231 --name "domainName"
```

### Required flags

#### application-id

The `--application-id` flag sets the edge application's unique identifier.

#### name

The `--name` flag sets the domain's name.

### Optional flags

#### active

The `--active` option specifies if the domain is active. The default value is `true`.

#### cname-access-only

> The `--cname-access-only` option specifies if the domain is accessed only through the CNAMES. The default value is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--cname-access-only` option specifies if the domain is accessed only through the CNAMEs. The default value is `false`.
```

#### cnames

> The `--cnames` option is a list of domains' CNAMES to associate with the domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--cnames` option is a list of domains' CNAMEs to associate with the domain.
```

#### digital-certificate-id

> The `--digital-certificate-id` option sets the digital certificate's unique identifier. It can be an integer or null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--digital-certificate-id` option sets the digital certificate's unique identifier. It can be an *integer* or *null*.
```

#### help

The `--help` option displays more information about the `azion create domain` action.

#### in

> The `--in` option specifies a path to a JSON file containing the attributes that will be updated. You can use "-" to read from stdin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--in` option specifies a path to a JSON file containing the attributes that will be updated. You can use `-` to read from stdin.
```

---

## List

### Description

Displays all your domains.

### Usage

```bash
$ azion list domain
```

### Optional flags

#### details

The `--details` option displays all relevant fields when listing.

#### filter

The `--filter` option filters items by their name.

#### order-by

The `--order-by` option sorts the output based on the selected field.

#### page

> The `--page` option returns a specific page of the list according to its number. The default is 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--page` option returns a specific page of the list according to its number. The default is `1`.
```

#### page-size

> The `--page-size` option defines how many items should be returned per page. The default is 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--page-size` option defines how many items should be returned per page. The default is `10`.
```

#### sort

> The `--sort` option defines the order of the items on the list. Options are "asc" or "desc."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--sort` option defines the order of the items on the list. Options are `asc` or `desc`.
```

#### help

The `-h` or `--help` option displays more information about the `azion list domain` command.

---

## Describe

### Description

Displays information about the domain via a given ID to show the application's attributes in detail.

### Usage

```bash
$ azion describe domain --domain-id 4312
```

### Required flags

#### domain-id

> The `--domain-id` flag specifies the unique identifier of the domain you want to retrieve detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--domain-id` flag specifies the unique identifier of the domain you want to retrieve detailed information from.
```

### Optional flags

#### format

The `--format` option changes the output format. You can pass the value `json` to the flag to get the output in JSON format.

#### out

The `--out` option exports the output to the given file path and filename with the specified extension.

#### help

The `-h` or `--help` option displays more information about the `azion describe domain` command.

### Examples

```bash
$ azion describe domain --domain-id 1337 --out "./tmp/test.json"
$ azion describe domain --domain-id 1337 --format json
```

---

## Update

### Description

Updates a domain's name and other attributes based on a given ID.

### Usage

```bash
$ azion update domain --domain-id 1234 --name 'Hello'
```

### Required flags

#### domain-id

The `--domain-id` flag specifies the unique identifier of the domain that you want to update.

### Optional flags

#### active

> The `--active` option sets the domain should be active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--active` option sets the domain as active.
```

#### application-id

The `--application-id` option is the unique identifier for an edge application used by this domain.

#### cname-access-only

The `--cname-access-only` option sets if the domain should be accessed only through CNAMEs.

#### cnames

The `--cnames` option specifies the CNAMEs of your domain.

#### digital-certificate-id

> The `--digital-certificate-id` option is the unique identifier of the Digital Certificate. This value can be either an integer or null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--digital-certificate-id` option is the unique identifier of the digital certificate. This value can be either an *integer* or *null*.
```

#### in

> The `--in` option specifies a given path and JSON file to automatically update the domain attributes. You can use "-" to read from stdin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--in` option specifies a given path and JSON file to automatically update the domain attributes. You can use `-` to read from stdin.
```
